%% GENERAL
1) Does the pilot have prior history of violations?
2) Were there any aircrafts near the aircraft during its flight?
        if so, did the pilot yield the right-of-way?   
        Did the pilot use a spotter?
3) Did the pilot fly the model aircraft 400 feet above ground level?
        if so, was the pilot within 3 miles of the airport?
		Did the pilot notify the operator in that circumstance?
4) What is the maximum takeoff weight of the aircraft?
        The takeoff weight is above 55 pounds. Is the aircraft flown under AMA Experimental Aircraft rules?
5) Was the aircraft flown in a sanctioned event or air show or model demonstration? 
        If so, were the manuevers involved for the event established beforehand?
		Was the pilot proficient?
		      If not, was there expert assistance?
6) Is the aircraft identified  with name and address?
        Is the aircraft flown indoors?
		  If not, is the address affixed?
7) Does the aircraft have metal-blade rollers?
8) Does the aircraft carry pyrotechnic devices?
      If so, are the devices one of fuses or devices that produce smoke when burnt?
	      If so, are these fuses or devices that produce smoke securely attached during flight?
	   Does the aircraft carry G-series rocket motors?
	      If so, are they firmly and securely attached?
	  Is the AIR show team officially designated according to Team AMA Program Document?
	  
9) Was the pilot under the influence of alcohol or drugs?
10) Are helmets worn by the pilot?
       If so, are the helmets one of OSHA/DOT/ANSI/SNELL/NOCASE approved?
	      If not, do the helmets comply with comparable standards?
		  
%% RADIO CONTROL

1) Were the model aircrafts flown over unprotected people?
2) Was a successful ground-range radio check performed before first flight?
      Were the manufacturers' recommendations followed?
3) Was a safety line established?   
       Were any personnel not associated with flying the aircraft allowed in the safety line?
	   Was there any safety line violation?
4) Were radio frequences allowed by FCC used?
      If not, were any amateur band frequencies used?
	     If so, was the pilot licensed?
5) Was the model aircraft flowin within 3 miles of preexisting flying site?
       If so,  was there a prior frequency-management agreement?
6) Was the powered model aircraft flown closer than 25 ft to any individual?
      If so, was it during takeoff/landing?
	  Was it flown under AMA competition regulation rules?
7) Was the aircraft touched by an individual when operated or powered on?
      If so, was it to divert from striking an individual?
8) Is the aircraft flown during night?
        Does it have radio control?
	    Does the lighting system on the aircraft provide clear view of model's altitude and orientation at all times?
9) Was the operator of radio-controlled aircraft operating it during the entire flight?
   Did the operator maintain constant visual contact?
   Did the operator use enhancements to maintain visual contact other than contact lenses prescribed?
   Was any rule in AMA Document #550 violated?
 
% FREE FLIGHT
% CONTROL LINE 